fix: don't include port twice from x-forwarded-host and x-forwarded-port headers (#10917)
withastro/astro: .changeset/forty-wolves-turn.md

---
"astro": patch
---

> Fix internal server error when bot `X-Forwarded-Host: hostname:8080` and `X-Forwarded-Port: 8080` are set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes a case where the local server would crash when the host also contained the port, eg. with `X-Forwarded-Host: hostname:8080` and `X-Forwarded-Port: 8080` headers
```
